[jazzy music]
[indistinct chatter]
- ♪ Light the fire,
chill the wine ♪
♪ Turn the lights down low ♪
- Look at that!
- I am so happy to see you!
- Tyson, oh, my gosh!
Wow, how have you been?
- Should I not be needy again,
or should I be needy?
- [laughs] Don't be needy.
- I will be needy!
- [laughs]
- Y'all both look amazing.
- Thank you.
- Cheers to the Christmas!
- Merry Christmas!
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Did somebody call for
a ho-ho-ho?
[cheering]
Ooh,
let the festivities begin!
Hello! Ooh, cheers!
all: Cheers!
- Y'all look so good.
I feel like I know
all of y'all!
Alexia's back there.
Hi, Tyson and Wells.
You know, I'm from Texas.
- Oh, you're from Texas?
- Yes, I am!
- No way.
- You want to call me?
[mouthing]
Hello, Jose.
- Hey.
[bell rings]
- Is that the Advent calendar,
you guys?
- You know what that means?
Come on, let's do it!
- Here we go.
- Drama.
- Hello, happy holidays,
and welcome to the "12 Dates
of Christmas Unwrapped."
Mm-hmm.
[cheers and applause]
- Happy holidays!
♪ ♪
- Tonight, my cup runneth
hella over with all the tea
that we're going to be spilling
from behind the scenes.
But, baby, I want the truth,
the whole truth,
and nothing but a kiss
from Chad.
'Cause everybody got one,
it seemed like, I don't know.
[laughs] So let's get
the festivities started
by welcoming
the three angels
at the top of
our 12 Dates Christmas tree.
Please welcome Garrett...
[cheers and applause]
Chad...
And through the power
of technology, Faith.
[cheers and applause]
- We miss you!
- You look hot!
- I love you.
I wish I could be there.
- We know
that you can't be here,
because you were exposed
to COVID.
But let me tell you
something honey,
if anybody could dial in
a beautiful look, it is you.
You look absolutely fabulous.
Doesn't she, y'all?
- Yeah, she does!
- Yes!
Come on, Faith!
Come on,
diamonds down my neck...
- Thank you.
- Diamonds down my cleavage!
I'm not mad.
[laughter]
- I don't have much
to work with,
so I got to, you know,
jazz it up a bit.
- I could loan you some.
I'm detachable.
It's quite all right.
Now, I cannot believe
that I'm here with all of you.
Trust me, honey, I am a fan.
I have been living for you.
I have been rooting for you.
I have been cussing
some of y'all out in my head.
Like,
"Why'd she send him home?"
But tonight I feel like
I'm about to have a hot flash,
because I have so many burning
questions for all of you.
Come on, Garrett, tell me.
How are you feeling today,
baby?
- I'm nervous.
I'm in the hot seat.
- Why would you say that?
- I'm single, so, you know.
I have some explaining
to do, I guess.
- A few of us are single.
- Yeah, that's true.
I'm not alone in the boat,
I guess.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
How are you feeling, Chad?
- Just like
my whole experience.
Nervous, anxious, shaky.
I'll admit, I mean,
this is no secret.
I came in there
maybe overly excited.
- What were you
excited about, Chad?
- Just so many
beautiful women and--and yeah.
Just--I was excited.
- Well, y'all are beautiful.
- Yeah.
- The women were fabulous.
Give yourselves a round of
applause for all your beauty.
[applause]
- Amen, girls. Amen.
- Y'all took speed dating
to a whole new dimension.
Tell me, how was that, Garrett?
- I mean, I'm thrown
into a position
that I've never
really been in before.
- Have you ever dated more than
one person at a time, though?
- Uh, not officially.
But I've gone on dates...
- My man.
- With, you know,
multiple people on a month,
you know?
- Okay, Faith,
I want to ask you, baby.
Having to get to know
so many people so quickly,
and you being a person
who said, you know,
you don't really kiss
on the first date,
you hadn't been in
a relationship in five years,
you know,
what was that experience like
being inundated with so
many people who were into you?
- You have to be so aware
of everyone's feelings,
and, like, it's really,
really difficult.
Like, especially being someone
who doesn't juggle
multiple people or,
you know, like Chelsea,
I don't have a collection
of boyfriends, so...
Love you, Chels.
I'm sorry, but--
- Girl, you're missing out.
- Like, I'm just--I'm not
used to that,
so it was really hard.
- How boring.
One guy at a time?
- I thankfully got blessed
with the best group of guys.
And they were all so sweet
and understanding.
- Well, I'll tell you this.
The way that the dates
entered your lives,
I mean, that had me
cracking up, y'all.
I will never forget the crazy
moments and the surprises.
Let's take a look
at some of my favorites.
- With every turn you take,
just expect the unknown.
[mischievous music]
- Oh!
- Merry Christmas!
- Hello!
[laughter]
- I'm your new date,
Aaron.
[together]
♪ Five golden rings ♪
- Oh, my God, guys!
- Oh!
- I'm your new date!
- Oh, shit!
- Surprise!
- Ohh.
- Yes!
- Is there room for three?
- Surprise!
- Hey!
- We got you good!
- Oh!
- I really look for...
- That was so good.
- Oh, my God. Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait!
- Sorry, guys,
am I interrupting something?
[laughter]
- I genuinely was scared.
- Yeah, you were scared.
- That's why shrieked
like that,
because I just did not know
that something was coming.
I thought it was going
to attack me.
[laughter]
- Now, y'all,
those were definitely
some memorable entrances.
I mean, come on. I'm a diva.
I love a good entrance.
Zach, you popped out
of that cake,
baby, and I was like,
"He has my heart."
- Mm-hmm.
- Were you really in there
for two weeks?
[laughter]
- Yes. Seriously.
They shoved me in there,
and I was like,
"Okay, this is my experience,
and this is what
it's going to be."
[laughter]
- Here we are all together.
I feel like I'm in the group
right along with y'all, okay?
We're going to get
more into both of you.
But first,
let's start with you, Faith.
You were our gorgeous
leading lady,
and trust me, honey,
if this was a pageant,
you snatched
all the categories.
I was crying with you
when you started crying,
and, you know, these lashes
cost money, so anyhow.
Before we get updated
on where you are today,
let's take a look
at your love story.
[elegant orchestral music]
- As soon as I met Faith I knew
immediately that she was
the right fit for me.
- I am open
to dating other guys.
- I'm going to be
your new date.
- We know each other already!
- But the bond with Anthony
is definitely there.
I think I'm falling in love
with Anthony.
It seemed too good to be true.
- I accidentally saw someone.
I don't know who it was.
They were kissing
on the first day I got here.
I actually think it was Chad.
- Chad had asked
to talk to me--
- Mm-hmm.
- And he ended up kissing me.
- That's not something
I really want to hear.
- Ohh.
My fear is, like,
Anthony leaving
or us walk away
without each other.
- You're like the best thing
that's happened to me
in a long time.
I can see a future
with me and you.
- You really just
embody everything
that I'm looking for.
[upbeat romantic music]
- I'm so excited to come
to Seattle.
Hopefully this is the beginning
of something special.
- Good morning.
- I'm falling in love with you.
- Me too.
I kind of always knew
that he was it for me.
I want you. Period.
- Hopefully you feel
comfortable
moving to New York with me.
You know,
this is the key to my place.
- ♪ Will you love me
tomorrow? ♪
- Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm-mm!
I feel like I'm at Thanksgiving
with a ham, bitch.
That was juicy, okay?
In watching that,
are there emotions
that come rushing back
to you right now?
How are you feeling?
- You know, I tried my best.
I tried to be very careful
with everyone's feelings,
and yes, there was some bumps
along the way
for Anthony and I,
but ultimately we were able
to work through them,
and I feel like that's true
in any relationship.
- Now, Miss Faith,
you know we cannot not talk
about America's favorite
detective--
America's favorite
"foine" detective, okay?
Actually, I feel like
committing a crime right now
just to get this man
in the interrogation room.
Mm-hmm. Now, it seems like
when the two of you met,
it was sparks immediately.
So let's go ahead and bring on
the one and only Mr. Anthony.
[cheers and applause]
- How you doing?
- Hi!
- I'm happy to be here.
- Thank you so much
for joining us, Anthony.
I know that you have been
exposed to COVID,
therefore you can't be
in this room with us.
The last time that we saw you,
you were handing over a key
to Faith
to your New York place.
And you were like,
"Baby, here you go.
You got the keys;
come out to New York."
How would you define
the relationship
with you and Anthony today?
- Uh...
[laughs]
Um, I don't know
how to answer that question.
Take this one.
[laughs]
- Are you two still together?
- Well, things didn't go
exactly as planned.
A little after we left
the castle, you know,
2020's just been crazy.
COVID hit, it's been tough
fighting through the distance.
So me and Faith, we're still
working out certain things,
and it's still possible
that something special
can happen with me and her.
- Faith,
is that how you see it?
You two are or are not
still together?
- No, we're not together.
Um, we are both single.
- Did you guys make an effort
to make it work, do you feel?
- Yeah, I mean, I was willing
to uproot my life to New York,
so, I mean, I don't think
that there's much more
you can do besides that.
- Well, what went wrong?
Did you ever make it
to New York?
- Like he said, you know,
2020 with COVID,
it's been--it's been hard.
We can't just jump on a flight
like we could have beforehand.
- I mean, to be fair though,
I jumped on a flight
to get here,
so there are flights
still going.
So do you feel like
there was something
that was holding you back
from making the full-on move
from LA to New York?
- Um, so me,
I work, uh...
I might not work
as fast as certain people.
Some people, they see
each other, they're like,
"All right,
let's make this happen."
At the time I was like,
"Come to New York."
But then you also have to
take a step back like,
"Are you rushing this?"
That's a big decision,
for me to make her move all
the way from LA to New York.
- Okay,
so I want to ask you this.
With regard to the kiss--
or kisses--with Chad,
what do you feel now
after seeing the show?
Do you feel that you
overreacted about the kiss,
or do you feel that, you know,
your reaction was warranted?
- My action was warranted,
because it was never
about the kiss.
The kiss doesn't mean
anything to me.
The thing was,
I wasn't given certain facts.
It was just a messy situation
and I just wasn't informed
of what was happening.
I just would like us
to be truthful to each other
so that we can establish
a certain relationship.
- I want Anthony to know
that, like,
I never, ever, ever was trying
to hide something at all.
I felt guilty being
put in a position as a lead
and not being open-minded.
And so I'm going to try
to be open-minded.
I tried doing that.
And then Chad
genuinely thought I, like,
had feelings for him.
The way it's all pieced
together just makes it look
even more messy
and, like, crazy.
And at the time, look,
it was Chad or Kevin, so...
[laughs]
Sorry, Kevin.
- I hear you, and I've also
been involved
in reality TV as well, right?
So we know that, you know,
sometimes you do things,
you look back at it on camera,
and go, "Oh, man,
that's not representative
of who I completely am."
But it felt like you guys
did have
a real--at least
some type of connection.
Chad, how did you feel about
your connection with Faith?
- I mean,
let's get the story straight.
I do believe
that at some point
we all have to stand
by our actions.
Do I think that it was
a strong connection at all?
No. But to backtrack at all,
after the fact,
all of it--I mean,
that's her prerogative.
- Faith,
do you feel like you gave
all of the guys
a real fair shot?
- No.
[laughs]
I 100% will admit that.
I tried doing that with Chad
and give someone a chance
that I wouldn't normally
give a chance,
and then that got fucked up.
And so then after that I think
I was just like,
"All right, I'm not doing
that anymore."
I was like,
"I'm sticking to what I like,
and I'm going for it."
- If there's anyone
that you could go back
and give a second chance to,
who would you want
to get to know better?
- I definitely felt bad
for Aaron,
because he came so late
into the game.
Anthony already had my heart
at that point,
and I just--I felt bad,
because he's such a nice guy,
and he's just like
the sweetest human.
I just--I felt bad;
he didn't have enough time.
- I think that we shared
some great conversations
and connected in various ways,
but like she said, you know,
her heart was elsewhere.
- Is there anyone who felt
like they didn't get
a fair shot with Faith?
- Yeah.
- Tell me why you feel like
you didn't have a fair shot.
- I might be too pale.
Um...
[laughter]
I think that Kevin, Wells,
and I
all share something in common
and that isn't really
on the top of Faith's list.
- I was like, "You know what?
I think that she has
a special type,
and I think that she's
interested in the melanin,
or should I say
the "mela-men," okay?
So, Anthony, do you feel then
it was you who called off
the relationship,
or was it Faith?
- I don't know.
I want to say it's mutual,
but I think there was more
hesitation on my side.
- Faith, I saw you lift
that "you said that,
you said that" finger.
Do you agree
with what Anthony is saying?
- I still want us to work.
I want--I would love for us
to make it work.
- Faith, how did it feel when,
you know, Anthony said,
you know, "Never mind,
don't move to New York.
Maybe we should take
a second on this"?
- It's disappointing that
it didn't work out, obviously.
Like, he captured my heart
in a way that no one else has.
It's heartbreaking, you know,
when you see a future
with someone
and that future is ripped away,
like, it's shitty.
But I will always
have his back...
- Look, me and Faith
haven't even known
each other a year yet.
We're still a work-in-progress.
There's no reason
that we should have to rush
our relationship.
We still talk every day;
we're still
the best of friends,
and we're still building.
So I don't think
that there's anything wrong
with taking a step back,
getting to know
each other first,
and then making it happen.
- Well, Anthony, I hear you
on that 100%, okay.
It's nothing wrong
with getting to know people,
but it just feels like
you gave me this moment
where you were like,
"Move to New York, be my boo."
And now today it's, like,
not happening.
- I think when anything
works out the way
that you don't want it to,
it's disappointing,
and I agree.
Like, I think we're in
a great place right now,
and I think
it's something to...
to just keep moving forward.
That's all we can do.
- I mean, it's not my place
to judge
but looking from the outside,
I mean,
we all fell in love
with the couple
that you guys grew to be.
And after hearing what,
you know, Faith has just been
so vulnerable and open about,
I felt that Anthony was very
hesitant and still closed off
on a lot of the things
he really wanted to say.
So I mean, Faith,
don't you think
you deserve better?
- Anthony is being
really vulnerable.
For him to say "I love you"
to someone,
that's him really
putting himself out there.
So I think if you know him,
like,
you know that takes a lot
for him.
- Faith, I'm in love with you,
and you already know that.
- Anthony, I love you.
- Thank you, Faith and Anthony,
for being so generous
and so honest with us.
We really do appreciate it,
and as a viewer,
I have to say
I've enjoyed your journey,
and I'm still going to be
checking in, okay?
- Yeah, thank you so much.
- There is so much more
to come.
Oh, honey, when we come back,
we're going to get right
into my good friends
Chad and Garrett, and all
the juicy gossip they're in.
Ooh, but right now,
I need to get me a drink.
Waiter!
Baby!
- Cheers.
- Corey!
- Can I bring my drink?
I'll bring my drink.
- I don't like it.
It's embarrassing for her.
- Faith deserves better.
This is bullshit.
- He says things to keep her
holding on.
He said, "I love you."
She said,
"I want to marry you."
- Right.
- He said, "I love you too."
- But they're not--
- You need the words
and the actions.
She's making the risk.
- Right.
- She's moving from LA
to New York.
- Yes!
- He doesn't lose anything!
- Yeah.
- If they break up, he lives
in the same apartment...
- Yep.
- Same ZIP code.
- It hurts me to see her ready
to literally
make a commitment...
- Yeah.
- And then Anthony
just doesn't want to yet.
- She's putting it
all out there.
- Yeah.
- Like, on the show and now.
- Right.
- Like, she's been like,
"I love you,
I'll move for you."
What has he done for her?
[indistinct chatter]
- So, Garrett,
honestly, you make
my little homosexual heart
just flutter, all right?
But, baby,
you are harder to hold on to
than a tiny little dolphin
covered in cooking oil, okay?
Are you still single, baby?
- I am.
A lot happened
in that short amount of time.
Unpacking that
is really difficult.
- Even though you didn't
end up taking anyone home,
you certainly had a choice.
I mean, it wasn't just
raining men, honey.
It was man-soon season,
all right?
So now, Garrett, let's take
a look at how some of these men
tried to grab your attention,
baby.
[Grieg's "In the Hall
of the Mountain King"]
- That was a first.
- [laughs]
[violin music]
♪ ♪
- [laughs]
- Merry Christmas!
- Wow.
- I am Dominick,
and I am Garrett's new date.
- You're really cute.
- Thank you. You too.
- Thanks.
Are you lost?
- No.
- You're new here, huh?
- Yeah. Rafaell.
- Well, welcome
to the Christmas castle.
♪ ♪
- [laughs]
- I saw that crash
from the top.
- You make it look so easy.
- This is crazy.
This castle's throwing me
all these boys left and right.
If you have like
an ideal type of guy?
- What I see in front of me?
[laughs]
- I almost want to do
a cartwheel.
both: Yes!
[laughter]
[violin music]
♪ ♪
- Wow.
- Wow. Wow.
[laughter]
- That was funny, Steven.
Your face the whole time!
- I know!
- I have another surprise
for you.
Rafaell is here.
Let's welcome Rafaell!
Hi, Rafaell!
[applause]
- Ooh, Shangela!
Halleloo! How are you?
- Halleloo!
When was the last time
I saw a random
Black man from Alabama running
in the snows of Austria?
I loved it!
[laughs]
[laughter]
We saw a common theme
in the show,
which if you give to Garrett...
- Uh huh.
- Garrett doesn't want
to always receive it.
- Right. I felt that sometimes
the flow was off.
And you really want
to give everyone a chance.
You know, I--like,
I gave Corey a first kiss, and,
you know,
Corey felt something,
and I didn't
necessarily feel it.
- You shouldn't kissed me.
I don't give kisses
unless I think
there's a reason to give them.
I get a kiss from somebody
that I'm attracted to.
What does that make me do?
My walls come down, and I think
you did not understand
what a first kiss
could mean to someone.
- I was enjoying the moment,
and you're very handsome,
and then I kind of was like,
"Well, I'm gonna keep
getting to know him
after that."
- Do you feel you led him on?
- Yes, you did.
- I was trying to have more
chances to get to know him.
- Mm-hmm.
- I just wish you would've
told me very early on,
"Corey, I do not want
to continue this.
When I kissed you,
there was no spark."
If I didn't crash that date,
would you have told me that?
No.
I don't think you would have.
You made me feel hope
when there was none,
and then when you took
the hope away,
you made me question
my worth as a person,
and that's not fair.
- Do you feel you should have
ended it with Corey earlier
if you felt
there was not a spark?
- I mean, Corey I also had
to make
a decision that night, so...
- Answer the question
that she just gave you,
I want to hear it.
- I can only eliminate, like,
one person at a time.
- Right, and I can only
tell you
how I felt by what you did,
which is what
I'm doing right now.
- Corey, what are you
feeling right now?
- The situation reminded me of
kind of every other situation
I've had in my life, like,
gay Black men face rejection
from the gay community
for being Black
and from the Black community
for being gay.
I came in there thinking
I was going to have this thing,
and then it crashes.
I think some of us that came
in wanted this more than you.
Seeing you throw relationships
away is tough, and guess what.
You end up alone.
- I'm in the same boat as you
guys, just remember that.
[bell rings]
- Oh!
- Ooh!
- Ta-da!
So how about
we bring in Dominick?
[cheers and applause]
Yes!
Come and join us.
Now, you couldn't get him
to Louisiana,
but I got him all the way
from the friend zone
back here to this couch, okay?
[laughter]
Well, Dominick,
thank you for showing up.
- Of course.
- Halleloo.
What do you feel about
your experience
in the castle
with my friend Garrett here?
- I realized after
the first conversation
that I just didn't have
chemistry with Garrett,
and there wasn't a spark there.
And it was something
that I knew for myself
I didn't want to pursue.
- Garrett, what about that
turned you on?
[laughter]
I mean, it seems like
a very odd question
to ask anybody, right?
However, in watching the show,
I would make the assumption
that, well,
if you're not into Garrett,
he gonna come after you,
but if you're into him,
watch out, 'cause it's not
going to work out.
So clarify that for me,
or set me straight.
- I was hoping for a friendship
to form
out of Dominick; I was--
- But you came here
looking for love.
- Of course, but once I said
goodbye to Jose,
I knew that with the dates
that I had in the castle
that I was not going
to be choosing anyone.
I also was not just gonna bring
anyone home for Christmas.
I want to make sure
that who I bring home,
it's a real,
genuine connection.
- Zach,
you have something to say?
- I do.
The one thing you say about me
is that we had
great conversation,
and then you keep the person
who literally said
they want to go home.
And I'm not bitter,
because--I'll take your words,
Corey--I don't want
to talk to someone
who doesn't want to talk to me.
[applause]
- Okay, help me out then.
What really happened
that just tore apart
the relationship
between you and Jose?
Because I will tell you,
in watching it, I was invested.
I was like, "Ooh, yes, honey,
I'm about to be
probably officiating
a new gay marriage!"
I was about to get my booking,
okay?
So what was that moment?
- It was that night when you
came into the room
with the producers in there,
and you had a few drinks,
and it pushed me over the edge.
I just felt like
you weren't fully seeing
what does turn me off
and what does set me back
after I had kind of just
went through that with Corey.
- He was literally taking me
on a roller coaster.
It's like, "Oh, it's, like,
well, maybe we can
make it work, like, this way."
He's like, "But actually,
no, we can't."
It's like, "But maybe we can."
Or, "No, I guess we cannot."
[laughs]
Which is why I was
very confused at the end of it.
- You know what?
I was a little confused
at home,
because I saw--Garrett,
you said goodbye to Jose.
Jose, you left saying,
"You know what? This is why
he can't be trusted."
And then when you were invited
to come home,
all of a sudden,
you were back in love with him
and showing your heart again.
Was there ever
an off-camera hook up,
something else that happened
that made you feel like,
"You know what?
Yeah, this is going to work"?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
- Thank you.
Somebody, halleloo!
I knew my crystal ball
wasn't wrong.
Now, wait a minute.
So where did this happen,
in Louisiana, or in the castle?
- It happened in Louisiana.
- So there was another reunion
before mama's house? Right?
- Yeah.
- That--where it happened.
Okay.
And there was a lovely session
and then y'all--now then you
came back to the house,
and you thought,
"This is going to work."
Well, thank you
for clarifying for me.
But, Garrett,
I'm going to ask you too.
Do you think it is fair
that Jose said
that you were misleading him
at your mom's house?
- Yeah, we reconnected,
but I had already communicated
with him
that I didn't see
a relationship
forming beyond that.
[somber music]
- I don't know.
- [sighs]
No. No.
Sorry.
It's really hard sometimes
when you do have
a connection with someone,
but then you know
there's characteristics
in the relationship that aren't
going to work out long-term.
And I think
that's where we are, Jose.
But again, apologies for,
you know,
levels of miscommunication
that I think
we both experienced.
- I accept that. I mean,
I thank you for apologizing.
That makes me feel
a little bit better,
because I don't think
you've ever apologized.
- I have a question for you,
Garrett.
You have one, two, three, four,
five men sitting here,
telling you how you made us
feel, and your response is,
"That is not what I meant;
that's"--like,
where's the ownership,
the accountability?
We're not all lying.
- I think what it is, is,
I want to be a nice person,
right?
And this being my first time
ever being in a situation
like this--
- All of us, first time.
- Completely.
I'm trying to, like I said,
balance respecting myself
and respecting you guys,
and clearly I failed at it.
Clearly I hurt people
along the way.
You know what?
You're not always going
to make the right decision.
- You need to understand
how your words and actions
feel to other people,
take accountability,
and maybe grow.
- Okay, all right.
So love is intense.
And I think that, Garrett,
the fact that you invited
everyone home for the holidays,
that was a really
powerful moment.
You know, as a person,
you know,
fabulously
of the LGBTQIA+ community,
I thought it really represented
something beautiful for us,
because a lot of times,
you don't see
positive representation
of gays and family life.
What did it feel like
seeing your mom embrace
all of your newfound--well,
I almost said lovers--
and friends?
- It was really special.
Personally, I started
my own journey coming out,
I was scared like everyone else
is probably scared
when they tell their family
that they're gay.
And, you know,
your family has one way, maybe,
of thinking your life's
going to go this way.
And then you change
the direction for them
by coming out,
and I was so proud of my mom
and proud of these men
for letting
that opportunity happen,
because that was really special
to me personally.
- I still have these butterfly
happy feelings
from that moment.
- Watching your journey
for love
was something
that was inspiring to me.
Even though in the end
you didn't get
to take one person
who had captured your heart,
you took everybody.
You should be very proud, okay?
- Thank you.
- All right, halleloo.
I love you.
All right, well,
I guess we better go ahead
and get the down low
from our very final lead,
our lovely Chad.
Come on up, Chad!
[cheers and applause]
- Yes!
- Ohh.
How you doing, Shangela?
- Oh. My Chad.
- How you doing?
- Chad, Chad, Chad, Chad, Chad!
I want to come over
and sit on the couch with you,
but no,
I got to be socially distanced.
Okay, I got to be distancing.
Don't you tempt me, Chad!
[laughter]
Now, Chad, baby,
you came into this show
like a wrecking ball with lips.
I mean, just kissing any
and everybody came in your way.
Like mwah bam,
mwah bam, mwah bam!
I was like,
come on, Miley Cyrus!
[laughter and applause]
Honey, you were busier
than Santa Claus
on Christmas Eve, okay?
And trust me, you can come
down my chimney anytime.
Ooh, thank you! Oh, well
that's kind of--excuse me.
[laughter]
Sorry, Granny.
Chad, what are your secrets
to a good kiss?
- Well, I mean, you definitely
want to make sure
it's mutual first.
But yeah, I think
just closing your eyes...
- Mm-hmm.
- Throwing those lips
out there,
and just hoping
for the best, really.
[laughter]
- Now, Chad, your love story
became one of the best ones
to watch blossom on screen.
Let's go back and take a look
at how it went.
- Merry Christmas, everyone!
- Who are we? Who are we?
Who are we?
- Hi! I'm Kate,
and I'm your new date.
- You are beautiful, I'm sorry.
- I think I'm blushing now.
- Kate's extremely attractive.
I was drawn to her smile,
her eyes,
and just her
bubbly personality.
- [rapping] Loving cute cats
is worth all my time
When they look like Garfield
and purr all the time
When I'm with Chad,
things just click.
It feels easy.
- I'm glad that you're here
and that we can just relax
and talk about,
you know, nothingness.
- Oh, I can do that.
- I know you can!
What I see within Kate
is completely different
than any other relationship
in the castle,
let alone
any other relationship
that I've ever experienced.
- I never knew, honestly,
what love could be like
with somebody
until I met Chad.
- Merry Christmas!
- Based off my
parents' relationship,
I really believe in true love.
I love you so much.
Kate...
will you marry me?
- Absolutely, yes.
[laughs]
Yes. Oh, my God.
[cheers and applause]
Oh, my God.
Wow.
Oh, my God!
[laughs]
[cheers and applause]
- All right! All right!
- I actually don't really get
emotional very often, but--
- Why are you
getting emotional?
- Um...the ending there.
I took that plunge,
and I took it with Kate,
and it's just--
I'm just really happy.
- Let's bring Kate out
right now.
Everyone's favorite
cat-rapping lady!
Kate!
[cheers and applause]
- Hey!
- Hi!
Hi, guys!
- Yes, have a seat!
Are you two still engaged?
What is the current update?
- Do you have it on?
- It's all coming together.
[applause]
- Yes!
- Oh! Oh, yeah! Ah!
That's the finger under
the chin; I know that move!
I saw--okay, all right, hey!
Get a room!
It's exciting to hear
that you're still engaged.
And what else--is anything else
new happening in your lives
right now?
- We just signed a lease,
and Chad's coming to Chi-Town!
[cheers and applause]
- Oh.
All right!
- I'm super excited!
- It looks like 2020
didn't stop everybody,
all right?
- Wait, so you can move
across the country for someone?
That's crazy.
- So, Chad,
let's talk about your journey.
Was it hard to date so many
fantastic women at one time?
- The hardest thing
I've ever done.
- You know, you ruffled a
couple feathers along the way.
Do you ever feel
that you were misunderstood
by any of the women
that you dated?
- Yeah, for instance,
with Angel.
I'll be honest,
I'm a perfectionist,
and I also really do try to be
as kind as possible,
but I know now
that wasn't always the case.
For some rea--
we just didn't see--
couldn't get on the same page.
There were some
misunderstandings as far as,
you know, my feelings towards
getting to know you more.
But I do, honestly,
from the bottom of my heart,
want to apologize with the way
we ended things,
because you really do shine.
And I almost feel like
I robbed you a little bit,
in a sense, of your shine,
and your ability
to just be more present
and just be there longer
in the experience,
because you're
an amazing person,
and that's on me,
and I really apologize.
- I was a little bit surprised,
because I thought
that I had a chance
to potentially,
you know, stay or maybe see if
there might've been something,
but I also knew
that Chad and I,
even off camera,
we weren't really, like,
exploring each other.
After I didn't get chosen
for a date, stubborn Taurus,
I was like, "That's it,
he's got other options,"
you know?
And even though we didn't
get a chance to explore,
I think it's fine for you
to pick someone
that you actually do feel
more of a connection with,
even though I'm sure
the viewers were disappointed,
because everybody
wants to see, like,
the Black girl have
a happy ending, right?
But we did actually end
that night on a good note.
- We did.
- Now, Chad is
a one-in-a-million,
and he can get away with a lot
of things by, you know,
just doing what I call
one of those Chad-isms. Mm-hmm.
- I like that.
- Yeah.
Well, let's take a look at Chad
giving us some Chad-isms.
- I am a flirt.
You meet someone new,
and I go all in.
You look amazing.
You have the sweetest smile.
You have one of the best smiles
I've ever seen.
Always looking cute.
Looking cute as always.
You're lovely! Did I mention
your dress? It's lovely.
I try not to be cheesy,
but I just feel like
it's in my nature.
Out here looking like
a pastel snow queen.
Your sweetness is my weakness.
Angel is dressed
like an angel, and I love it.
The scenery is finally
matching your eyes.
- Oh, stop.
- Your eyes
are just incredible.
How tall are you?
- 5'2".
I'll put you
in my pocket right here!
I'm really interested
in Shannon.
She's gorgeous.
You look lovely.
I'm digging
the emotional connection
between Skyler and I.
Alexia is my strongest
connection.
This isn't warming me up,
maybe you can?
I'm so back and forth;
I'm constantly conflicted.
Okay if I gave you a kiss?
Can I give you a kiss?
May I kiss you?
Would you mind coming over here
for one more?
- Yes.
- I have absolutely no clue
what's happening.
Can I give you a hug?
- No.
- Okay.
[laughter]
- And, Kate,
I can see on your face.
How aware were you
about all of Chad's,
you know--how do I say this.
extra-kiss-ricular activities?
- Well, I didn't know, like,
how many people he kissed.
And I think it's actually,
like, probably for,
like, the best that I didn't
know, to be honest.
- The question is,
has Chad seen
all of your
extra-kiss-ricular
activities in the castle?
- Ooh!
- What?
- No way!
- Well, you know,
those cameras in the castle
are always rolling, right?
- Uh-huh.
Let's just roll the tape.
[laughter]
[romantic music]
- What was your first
impression of me, I gotta ask?
- Okay...
- Tyson!
- You are handsome as hell.
- Thank you.
- Seriously!
I honestly was like,
"Who is this guy?"
- Oh, wow. You came in, like,
on fire, like...
- Aw, thank you.
- You are, like,
amazingly attractive, and--
- I think I'm getting like,
nervous like a--like
a schoolgirl right now.
- Do you kiss the first date?
- Um...
- Tyson!
- I do kiss on the first date,
if I feel comfortable.
- Are you feeling
comfortable today?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
[cheers and laughter]
- Get in there!
- Well, there's your answer.
- I'm glad, you know,
we got that out of the way.
Now we can move
forward from there.
- Exactly!
- Well, well, well, well,
well, well, well, well, well!
- That was not my best work.
[laughter]
- We tell
each other everything.
I knew about that;
it was even better to watch.
But...
- Was it?
I feel a threesome
coming on tonight!
[all hollering]
"Better to watch"?
What kind of...
[laughter]
We saw a lot of connections,
although there was not
as strong a connection, Chad,
for you and Miss Chelsea.
- What's up, girl?
- I really loved
watching you come on the show,
because you came
in hot like fire.
Like spicy habanero sauce,
okay?
There were some
very interesting moments
in your journey.
- Like what?
- Shall we take a look?
- Yeah.
- All right.
- Let's go.
- Love her.
- When was your
last relationship?
- I'll have a thing with like
five people at the same time.
- Don't take this
the wrong way,
but I just don't get
the greatest feeling from you.
- You just didn't give me
a chance at all.
- I don't think that you really
did want to get to know me.
- The fuck is wrong
with that guy?
- I love it.
- Okay! Well.
- You can smell the dra-ma!
[laughter]
It is hot in here, baby!
- In watching that back, Chad,
is there anything
that you would have done
differently to try
and create a connection?
- I'm gonna be honest.
Chelsea scared
the hell out of me.
[laughter]
She--she did.
- Maybe I was being
a little catty,
because I was a little, like,
annoyed that he didn't want
to be with me.
But at the end of the day,
like, he wouldn't have
picked me to marry him
no matter what, so it's, like,
I'm glad that he didn't waste
his time with someone like me.
Like, I think us as friends,
like,
I think we could be homies,
we could be cool.
Like, we've made
each other laugh, like,
I mean--well,
you haven't made me laugh,
but like, I make you laugh.
[laughter]
- Wow!
- Well, listen saucy Santa,
you're known to be
a dating diva.
And I live, okay?
Halleloo, I live.
Tell me, is it difficult dating
more than one person at a time?
- No.
- Ooh.
- It can be difficult
if you're, like, trying to
remember different things
about different people and
you're like, "I forgot, like,
if that guy, like, his mom
died or someone else's,
like, I forgot,"
like, it's a little sensitive.
I think most men date
multiple girls at one time,
and they just don't
tell us about it.
So I decided to take
the power away,
and I'm going to date
multiple guys at one time
and then tell them about it.
- All right, come on for the
snatching my power girl, yes!
Okay!
- It works!
I think everybody
should do that
when they're, like, dating.
I mean, everyone except Chad.
I don't think
he wants to do that.
[laughter]
- Well, you know, in the
beginning of your journey,
you made a connection
with Faith, right?
And, Faith, I can--ooh, I
can feel from the screen, baby,
the technology, the radiation
is letting me know
you have something
you want to say.
- At the time when I chose
to kiss Chad,
I feel like I handled it
really poorly.
Looking back now,
it's a learning experience.
If I could go back and handle
it differently, I would.
Kate, I'm so sorry; we don't
have to talk about this,
because you're my girl,
I love you!
[laughs]
So awkward.
But yeah, so, Chad, again,
I'm sorry that everything
happened the way did,
and, Alexia,
that you got roped into it,
and obviously, Anthony, that
I handled it the way I did.
- Well, thank you for that,
Faith,
but at the end of the day,
it all worked out for you, yes?
- It did.
- All right. Alexia.
- Yes.
- You also had
a romantic journey with Chad.
You know, you and Kate
were pretty neck-and-neck.
How do you feel today?
- I was excited
when I was with Chad.
But at the end of the day,
I'm just happy
that he stuck with his heart,
and he's with Kate.
I love Kate, she's my girl!
- I know! My girl.
- I know, you seem like
you would be
a bridesmaid at the wedding...
- Hope so!
- After this--that could be
something interesting.
Shannon, you also came in
ready to find love.
Do you feel like the connection
that you had with Chad
was a genuine one?
- Honestly, definitely.
- You even came back again...
- Absolutely.
- Like, you know what?
I'm not done.
- Yeah.
- What brought you back?
- I do not want any regrets
in life,
and I just felt as though
you and I had something,
and I did not want to wonder,
"What if?" So...
- Do you feel like
the other girls who were there
gave you a fair shot
in the initial meeting?
- No. No, I don't.
People initially thought
I was a little fake,
calling me a little Kardashian,
which, to be honest,
I am a little flattered.
I love the Kardashians,
so yeah.
You know, you can't really
judge a book by its cover.
Alexia and I,
we were friends in the castle,
but when I heard the things
that she was saying about me,
like, I was like,
"Excuse me? That's rude!"
- Oh!
- Well, Shannon, you know,
I apologize for the things
that I said.
And it wasn't me,
and it was definitely
out of character for me.
I think I was just emotionally
drained at that point
and a little stressed as well.
I mean, you are beautiful
like a Kardashian.
I mean, seriously!
[laughs]
But I just want you to know
that I am sorry.
- Thank you.
- Well, you know,
in competitions...
- Yeah.
- Things can always be said
when you're competitors.
But it's nice to see that you
ladies are together tonight,
which is very beautiful.
Skyler,
how strong was the connection
that you and Chad had together?
- Initially we had a really
strong connection,
and we were the only two there,
so I was, like,
happy that there was
no competition.
And then I definitely
got jealous of Angel
because she's so hot.
[laughter]
And then I, like,
was, like, ugh, over it,
and then Kevin, of course...
y'all know what happened
with Kevin.
- How are you and Kevin?
- Kevin and I are great.
We live on opposite sides
of the country, and we still,
like, talk all the time,
like, just texting, but--
- Yeah, 'cause maybe you can
clarify
this on the timeline for me.
- Okay.
- I'm watching it,
and I saw Faith was like,
"You know what?
I'm into Anthony.
Skyler is my girl"--
- I was like,
"Take him off my hands!"
- "So I'm going to save Kevin."
She was like, girl code.
And she saved Kevin
to stay there,
not for herself, but for you.
- Yeah, yeah.
- But, you told Chad,
"I am back into you."
Were you playing him,
or were you really into him?
- She's calling you out.
- To be honest,
I was playing him.
- Whoo!
- Hey, she kept it real.
[cheers and laughter]
- I was trying to cheat
the system a little bit.
'Cause yeah, at that point
I was, like, fully into Kevin.
And then I was like,
"Uh-oh, like, obviously
he's not going to keep me here,
because I'm not here for him,"
and I'm really sorry
that I did that to you.
- Oh, it's okay.
- But I would do it again.
[laughter]
- Oh, yes.
Well, you know what?
Here's a good question, then.
So, Kevin, there was a night
when everyone was together,
right?
And you were having the beer
and the pizza, okay?
- Okay.
- And she kept trying to
get you
to go back to the bedroom.
- Kevin, are you done
with your pizza?
- Yeah, I'm done with my pizza,
but I'm not done with my beer.
Can I just talk to my friends?
And she's getting sad, and--
- Please clarify for the doll.
[chatter]
- Well, the bedroom is where
we shared our first--
- Oh, I know what happens
in the bedroom, girl!
You don't have to tell me!
I know, don't y'all know?
- Okay, so you know
what happens in the bedroom,
so that's why I was trying
to go back to the bedroom!
And he just
didn't want to go, so...
- But why didn't Kevin
want to go?
- What did you want
to do that night?
- I wanted to hang out
with the boys...
And then after, go,
and that's quite simple!
- That's what he kept saying.
- I understand wanting to hang
with the boys, yes.
Ooh and after this,
I would like to see
every single one of you
in my dressing room
right now, trust me.
I'm wearing smudge-proof
lipstick, mm-hmm.
[laughter]
And don't worry, Kevin,
I've got a beer and a pizza
and the boys.
[laughter]
- Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
- Skyler, is there a future
for you and Kevin?
- Um...maybe there would be
if we lived closer,
but we don't, and I definitely
don't think I would, like,
move across the country for...
- For Kevin.
[laughter]
- Yes, well, there's nothing
wrong with having
the connection
when you have the connection.
- Yes.
- Okay? Halleloo.
And I wish you both
all the best.
- Thanks.
- And a late checkout.
[laughter]
- Oh, goodness.
- You know, Chad,
you had a lot of choices.
In the end, it came down to
Kate and Shannon and Alexia.
And you just kept coming back
to Kate here. Why?
- Kate really, really just
genuinely cracks me up.
She's just--she's funny,
she's witty.
Like, we just connected
so quickly.
It really--I know
this sounds cheesy,
but I've said cheesier things.
She just felt like home
from the beginning.
- What was the moment
that you knew,
"This is the one for me"?
- After that really tough...
ceremony,
where Chelsea left,
I was really emotionally
exhausted,
physically exhausted,
and I remember being up
in the bedroom,
and all of a sudden,
I just hear your voice,
and I just see your smile.
And I could tell that you were
going above and beyond,
and I could feel that.
And that's--
that's when I knew, so....
- [whimpers]
- It was our first date
in the library when I sat down,
and it was just you
and I in that moment.
I forgot, like,
completely where I was,
and I've never, like,
experienced that in my life.
And from that moment
I just, like,
didn't want you to, like,
leave my side.
You let me be 100% myself.
You're the kindest,
most genuine, caring person,
and you've absolutely changed
my life for the better.
- You're radiant, your energy,
it can't be matched.
And I felt that
from the second I met you.
And to be honest,
I just wanted
to hitch myself to your side.
- Aw! Well, I don't hear
jingle bells ringing right now,
but I definitely hear
wedding bells.
- Whoo!
- I am ordained!
I am ordained!
- Of course somebody would be
ordained here, of course!
Of course.
[laughter]
We're moving in together;
we just want to have--like,
this is the time where
you can just, like, have fun.
- I'm nervous
moving to Chicago.
I don't, obviously,
really have any friends there,
but Kate's friends are already
welcoming me with open arms,
and I'm really excited
about it.
- Well, I'm going to tell you.
When you're meeting
new friends,
don't start out with,
"Hi, may I kiss you?"
Okay?
If you don't do that,
I think you'll make lots
of friends in Chicago, baby.
All right?
I loved watching
your journey on this show,
and seeing you have
this moment together.
I loved watching all of you
create connections
and have fun dating moments.
You know, for our leads, Faith,
and for Garrett, yeah,
you're not being engaged
right now.
However, there is still love
out in the world for you,
and all of us
and all of your fans
who have watched the show are
rooting for you in that place.
Okay?
All of you,
thank you so much for sharing
your journey of love.
I wish you all the best.
And with that,
that is a wrap on the "12 Dates
of Christmas Unwrapped."
[cheers and applause]
Happy holidays, everyone!
Merry Christmas!
And may you truly have love
in your life this year!
- ♪ It's my favorite time
of year ♪
♪ Young and old,
yeah, we're all here ♪
♪ We celebrate
this time of love ♪
♪ And everything
that matters most ♪
♪ I'm all wrapped up in joy ♪
♪ Do-do-do-do,
do-do-do-do ♪
♪ 'Cause this is the season
of love ♪
♪ And also of joy ♪
♪ Do-do-do-do,
do-do-do-do ♪
♪ 'Cause this is
the season of love ♪
♪ And also of joy ♪
♪ Do-do-do-do,
do-do-do-do ♪
♪ So you can tell them
that I'm coming home ♪
♪ I'm all wrapped up
in joy ♪
♪ 'Cause this is
the season of love ♪
♪ And also of joy,
do-do-do-do-do ♪
♪ So you can tell them
that I'm coming home ♪
♪ I'm all wrapped up
in joy ♪
♪ Do-do-do-do,
do-do-do-do ♪
♪ Joy, do-do-do-do,
♪ So you can tell them
that I'm coming home ♪
♪ ♪